com/br/API/GamesRating/dto/NewEvaluationDTO.java
 com.br.API.GamesRating.dto.NewEvaluationDTO
com/br/API/GamesRating/dto/NewUserDTO.java
 com.br.API.GamesRating.dto.NewUserDTO
com/br/API/GamesRating/dto/ListEvaluationDTO.java
 com.br.API.GamesRating.dto.ListEvaluationDTO
com/br/API/GamesRating/repository/NoteRepository.java
 com.br.API.GamesRating.repository.NoteRepository
com/br/API/GamesRating/model/User.java
 com.br.API.GamesRating.model.User
com/br/API/GamesRating/service/UserService.java
 com.br.API.GamesRating.service.UserService
com/br/API/GamesRating/model/Evaluation.java
 com.br.API.GamesRating.model.Evaluation
com/br/API/GamesRating/controller/GameController.java
 com.br.API.GamesRating.controller.GameController
com/br/API/GamesRating/model/Likedit.java
 com.br.API.GamesRating.model.Likedit
com/br/API/GamesRating/repository/EvaluationRepository.java
 com.br.API.GamesRating.repository.EvaluationRepository
com/br/API/GamesRating/model/Note.java
 com.br.API.GamesRating.model.Note
com/br/API/GamesRating/exception/ObjectNotSaveException.java
 com.br.API.GamesRating.exception.ObjectNotSaveException
com/br/API/GamesRating/dto/GameDTO.java
 com.br.API.GamesRating.dto.GameDTO
com/br/API/GamesRating/GamesRatingApplication.java
 com.br.API.GamesRating.GamesRatingApplication
com/br/API/GamesRating/exception/StandardException.java
 com.br.API.GamesRating.exception.StandardException
com/br/API/GamesRating/exception/ResourceExceptionHandler.java
 com.br.API.GamesRating.exception.ResourceExceptionHandler
com/br/API/GamesRating/dto/NewNoteDTO.java
 com.br.API.GamesRating.dto.NewNoteDTO
com/br/API/GamesRating/model/Game.java
 com.br.API.GamesRating.model.Game
com/br/API/GamesRating/service/EvaluationService.java
 com.br.API.GamesRating.service.EvaluationService
com/br/API/GamesRating/controller/UserController.java
 com.br.API.GamesRating.controller.UserController
com/br/API/GamesRating/dto/ListUserDTO.java
 com.br.API.GamesRating.dto.ListUserDTO
com/br/API/GamesRating/exception/ObjectNotFoundException.java
 com.br.API.GamesRating.exception.ObjectNotFoundException
com/br/API/GamesRating/repository/UserRepository.java
 com.br.API.GamesRating.repository.UserRepository
com/br/API/GamesRating/dto/UpdateUserDTO.java
 com.br.API.GamesRating.dto.UpdateUserDTO
com/br/API/GamesRating/repository/GameRepository.java
 com.br.API.GamesRating.repository.GameRepository
com/br/API/GamesRating/service/GameService.java
 com.br.API.GamesRating.service.GameService
com/br/API/GamesRating/service/NoteService.java
 com.br.API.GamesRating.service.NoteService
com/br/API/GamesRating/controller/NoteController.java
 com.br.API.GamesRating.controller.NoteController
com/br/API/GamesRating/controller/EvaluationController.java
 com.br.API.GamesRating.controller.EvaluationController
